                        synerge vanilla/R version 0.6.2

  Release Notes
  -------------

  Vanilla 0.6.2 is - of course and per definition - the most amazing Vanilla
  ever, but still you might wonder: What, exactly, is supposed to instill
  never-ending amazement in you? Well, friend of all things vanilloid, there's
  an easy answer: Vanilla 0.6.2 brings you a shiny new weblogging
  infrastructure that boldly calls itself "du-jour deux" (dj2).

  Du-jour deux continues to support the traditional "one piece a day"-style but
  also features a "multiple items per day" mode. Yeah, we can hear the sighs of
  relief of you Movable Type/Wordpress/Antville/etc.  Vanilla-users-to-be, your
  favourite blogging style is now supported by your favourite bliki!
  Furthermore, the comment system has been cleaned up (no more comments-* snips;
  comments wherever you want them, not only in the weblog) and the whole du-jour
  infrastructure is easily templatable - just have a look at all those
  template-* snips.

  In the cool shadow of the grand tree which calls itself du-jour deux two
  more jewels are to be found: a note-desktop application (for those of you who,
  like me, like the look of all those iconised .txt files on their desktop) and
  "sticky" snips, an easy way to add/remove snips to/from the sidebar - formerly
  known as "vanilla long-term memory".

  Various other bits and pieces have been cleaned up; even a few bugs have been
  squashed. Let me finish with mentioning an apparently minor new
  infrastructural feature which may well make a very high impact for custom
  development - it's simply called "snip tags". You always wanted to have
  categories, keywords, you name it? With snip tags you can easily develop a
  system that exactly fits your needs. No, we don't provide any applications
  that work on those tags right now: Surprise us with your creativity!

  Du-jour deux, sticky and the note-desktop are based on work done as part of a
  student project by Johannes Lerch, Csaba Burus and Bernhard Schuller under
  supervision of Andreas Bolka and Johann Grabner, sponsored by synerge
  digitality. We want to thank the team members for their efforts!

  Finally, as always: Enjoy!

  Andreas Bolka, Christian Langreiter; 2004-11-09


  Change Log
  ----------

  core
  - added support for "snip tags"
  - removed dns lookup for last-store-addr
  - set-cookie params reordered

  dynas:
  - dj2: the next generation of du-jour, supports day-based and item-based
    blogging. improved comment system (no comments-* snips anymore).
  - added the "sticky" suite (sticky, sidebox.sticky)
  - added note-desktop
  - logio: rewritten to use templates

  libs:
  - upgraded to recent decode-multipart-form-data
  - upgraded to recent string-tools

  misc
  - vanilla-template: cleaned up, added stylesheet (vanilla.css)
  - vanilla-template: uses dj2, sticky support, no calendar anymore
  - added templates for dj2, comments, logio and note-desktop
  - added snip.png for note-desktop

